Detail the process to add a new terms type (#26)
OpenTermsArchive/terms-types: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to Terms Types

> Thank you for considering contributing to the `terms-types` project!  🎉👍

Reviewer: I don't think we can consider this a “project”. It is a component of Open Terms Archive 🙂

Suggestions for new types of terms of service are welcome. To ensure a smooth process, please follow the steps outlined below:

## Process for adding a new terms type

> 1. **Open a discussion**

Reviewer: First, check that there is no existing open discussion 🙂

>    - Start a new discussion with the type "New Type" in the [Discussions section](https://github.com/opentermsarchive/terms-types/discussions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - [Start](https://github.com/OpenTermsArchive/terms-types/discussions/new?category=new-type) a new discussion of the category "New Type" in the [Discussions section](https://github.com/opentermsarchive/terms-types/discussions).
```

2. **Clearly define the need**

>    - Explain why you believe a new terms type is needed.

Reviewer: I feel this is not specific enough. A new terms type should always and only be needed because no existing one matches the terms that the contributor wants to track. What do you mean here?

   - Explain how it differs from existing types.
   - Provide examples or scenarios where this type is applicable.

3. **Suggest a name**
   - Propose a unique and descriptive name for the new terms type. While it doesn't have to match the service-provided names, it should be clear, internationally understandable, and as descriptive as possible.

>    - Ensure that the name is not already used in the collection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Ensure that the name is not already used in the list of the [terms types](https://github.com/OpenTermsArchive/terms-types/blob/main/termsTypes.json).
```

> 4. **Suggest a tryptich**

Reviewer: This should come before the name.

>    - Provide a unique tryptich for the new terms type. The tryptich should characterize the commitment being taken in three dimensions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Provide a unique tryptich for the new terms type. The tryptich should characterize the commitment being taken along three dimensions:
```

     - **The Targeted Audience:** Specify who the terms are intended for (e.g., users, customers, employees).
     - **The Object of the Commitment:** Describe the main focus or purpose of the terms (e.g., privacy, usage, conduct).
   - The tryptich helps in distinguishing this new type from others and ensures clarity in its purpose.
   - Ensure that the tryptich is not already used in the collection.

5. **Optional: Add references**
   - Include any relevant references that may help in understanding the purpose of this type. This could include discussions, legal references, or other resources. References can provide valuable context and background information about the suggested terms type.

6. **Provide an example**
   - Provide at least one example of the new terms type, with relevant information on its source and context:
      - **URL of the terms:** Include a direct link to the terms document.
      - **Service provider:** Specify the entity or organization that provides these terms.
      - **Service-specific name:** Provide the title or name given to these terms by the service provider.

>    - As ths suggestions will only be considered for inclusion when there are at least three examples, it is highly encouraged to provide them directly. This ensures that the new type has a sufficient representation to be meaningful in the collection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - As this suggestions will only be considered for inclusion when there are at least three examples, it is highly encouraged to provide them directly. This ensures that the new type has a sufficient representation to be meaningful in the database.
 ```

7. **Discussion and validation**
   - The suggestion will be discussed by the community.

>    - The Open Terms Archive core team will review and validate the suggestion, considering factors like uniqueness, clarity, and relevance. This step is essential for learning and maintaining consistency.

Reviewer: ChatGPT chaff 😉 
```suggestion
   - The Open Terms Archive core team will review and validate the suggestion, considering factors like uniqueness, clarity, and relevance.
```
